# Surfs_Up
Purpose
The purpose of this challenge is to use the SQLAlchemy in order pull data from a sql data base. The database we are pulling from is the weather over the course of multiple years for Hawaii. Once the data is pulled from the data base, we are then tasked with extracting the data from the file and creating a data frame out of the data. Once the data is successfully put into a data frame we can then get a variety of details on the data such as the count, mean, standard deviation, and the quartiles for the months of June and December.
Results
Upon reviewing the data for the data frames we constructed we can conclude the following from the data, June is the hotter month, Decembers coldest months, and December had a higher variation of temperatures. From the data, we could see Junes highest temperature was 85 along with a average temperature of 75, compared to Decembers average of 71 and high of 83. From this, we can conclude that Junes temperature was consistently higher than Decembers. On the other hands, December had a low temperature of 56 and a average of 71. Given the variance for December we can conclude that the daily temperature for December was lower than that of June's. Finally December's temperatures varied a lot more than that of June's, meaning the temperatures were much further away than the average.
Summary
In this weeks challenge we successfully extracted data from a SQL database and used SQLAlcehemy in order to get the data into Data frames. Once we successfully extracted the data from the Hawaii.sql database we were able find get a description on the data for the months of June and December. Upon observing the data, we can see that, for the month of June, the average temperature is approximately 75 degrees, with the highest temperature being 85 and the lowest 64 degree. The standard deviation for the month of June was 3.2 meaning that most of the temperatures for the month did not fluctuate far from the mean. For the month of December, the mean was 71 degrees. The minimum temperature was 56 for this month and the highest was 83. The standard deviation for December was 3.7, which still means that most of the temperatures for December fell close to the mean. Overall June, had a closer average daily temperature than December. June's highest temperature was only one degree higher than Decembers, but the lowest temperature was the biggest difference between the two.
